---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1: UI Basics Technical Essay
date: 2021-09-15
labels:
  - First week WOD's
---

Browser history 1 was pretty simple for me. It took me about 15 minutes to complete it first time. Mostly everything that was shown in the intructions was simple for me to follow as it was the basics of working VSC and html. I don't think I missed anything in the first WOD, so that is why I was able to complete it first try and was confident with my results. I also had to do something similar in my previous IT class, which covered a lot of the basic skills that we used. 
<br>
For Browser History 2 I had a little bit more of a challenge. I have always had some challenges trying to use CSS and some of the prompts that I had to follow in the intstructions were hard to understand and because of this I had to watch the screencast first. The first thing I had trouble with, was implementing the Oswald font. I copied everything from the screen cast into my VSC and got the correct link from the font website that was linked, but was still not able to produce the correct results. I tried again and again until I lost track of my attempts over 10. I'm not sure why this one proved so hard for me, but it was and I wasn't able to complete it exactly how it was supposed to be. I implemented most of the requirments, but the Oswald font and font color was just not cooperating with me.
<br>
Browser history 3 was a little bit more simple for me to complete and took a lot faster than Browser History 2. Even though my CSS was not completely accurate from Browser History 2,  I was still able to complete Browser History 3. I had a little bit of trouble implementing the nav bar, but after finding out what I was doing wrong via the screencast, I was able to complete it in 3 tries. I think the trial and error process makes it frustrating to complete the WODs, but it is probably for the best as that is where you learn. I also was having trouble wiht the screen recording software I was using, as something it would only record a specific window in on my dekstop and not the entire screen. After going through 3 different screen recording options, I finally settled on OBS where I was actually able to complete the WODs and record them successfully. In future reference, I want to try to get as much help as possible to complete these because I do not want to get left behind in this class. EVerything builds on each other, so it is important I have a solid foundation on the skillset required before moving on to the next topic or assignment.
