By the date and time indicated on the Schedule page, write a technical essay (blog entry) reflecting on your experience in developing basic JAVASCRIPT programs.

Use the your portfolio essay to blog as you did in E1. When you complete your blog entry submit the link to Laulima as you did in E1.

My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
 I now understand what I belive are some basic principles and parameters when it comes to programming. Considering that my knowledge prior to this class was non-existent, I think
 any type of improvement can go a long way. One thing specifically is the interaction between github desktop and the online version. Since I use two different devices (PC & Laptop)
 learning how to use github in programming was extremely helpful and necessary especially when traveling an I am away from my PC.
 
I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I think I need to read more and learn more on my own. Too often I relied on just class time to try to undestand the concepts without putting in enough work outside of class. 
Granted I have other classes that I am also in and find those troubling too to juggle, but I need to do and learn more. Specifically the readings and even going to w3 to learn more.

I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
To be honest, I don't think that this statement is true to me. I think that since I am a visual learner and can learn by example, following the screencast is what made me able to
be familiar with that I need to accomplish and to figure out how to do it. Often I found the instructions vague or hard to interpret. I don't know if that was only me, but I 
found that to be the case with almost every WOD except for the first one.

The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
The labs do most certainly help me to learn but I cannot say I can complete them with confidence. I still find the instructions on the Lab to be unclear in some sections. I know
that is their intention so that we are forced to learn how to do it on our own and figure it out, but it still seems very challenging to me even after we go over sections in class.
This may be because I am inexperienced with what we are learning or doing, but if the labs were a bit more helpful or in depth in regards to instructions, I think I could have
learned more.

I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
From Assignment 1 I learned that I do not know enough and have trouble understanding instructions. I am still working on my Assignment 1 as I have not finished it and am feeling
completely lost. I'm at a point where I am afraid to ask a question because I would feel stupid for doing so since they seem so basic and everything seems to be far more advanced
compared to me, especially my peers. This is the first type of class that I have took in regards to programming and it has most certainly been the hardest. Even when I'm in class
I am afraid to speak up or ask questions because I don't know what I'm talking about. Even through emails I feel the same way. I don't feel ready to work on Assignment 2, but I 
am going to try to finish my Assignment 1 so I can at least turn something in.

I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
I think personally I just need more visual examples in class and clearer instructions. I learn visually and through repetition, so when I just read instructions with no examples
I can't really comprehend or keep up with what is going on. Walk through videos have certainly helped me in the past in ICS 101 and I think they would be beneficial for this 
class too. Since there are just so many little things in regards to coding/programming that need to be perfect, it's hard to work through it when you have no experience.

What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
What helps me the most are the screencasts, working with classmates, one-on-ones as well as the class website. I like the screencasts because they are visual and help me to see
what's going on and how to do it. Working with classmates is fun and helpful because we are all on the same page trying to accomplish the same goal. I think one-on-ones would be
the most helpful like maybe if we had checkups weekly where we could just ask for direct help from the proffesor on problems we have. Lastly, the class website is helpful just
because it has all the information on there that we need for class and instruction on what we need to do for the week.

This class has been undoubtledly been the hardest one that I have took so far and I have been struggling throughout the semester. I've gotten to the point where I don't think
that I will be able to pass the class based on my work that I have done and turned in thus far, but this has been a great learning opportunity for me. I am still going to try
and finish the semester strong, but I know that the outcome will most likely not be in my favor. Regardless, I want to thank Professor Kazman for the help I have recieved and 
for sparking my interesting in a career path that I think will be needed for the future.
